this is transformers the hunt for the
Decepticons to nurse kids figures part
of wave 2 of the deluxe class series of
the confidence of the cons line it's a
direct repaint of the original skids and
here he is with tuner mudflap and just
like tuner mudflap he is a a direct
repaint of the earlier version of skids
and I think just like mudflap as well
there this guy's a lot better than the
original if you want to know more about
this guy check out my review of him on
my channel and I think he I definitely
think that he is better than the the
first mudflap in terms of paint even the
tightness of the joints much better the
same is true for to nurse kids if I can
just stand him up yeah
his green color is I think a lot better
a lot more striking than the original
which I'm going to show you know you
know what in a few seconds so as you can
see that the color the green is a lot
darker I like this
metallic orangey gold or orangey tangent
a little bit orange pale orange metallic
pale orange color on his limbs and some
effect I think this green is a lot
closer to the one in the movie but but
who knows I I really wanna know this one
is I think the movie color is somewhere
in between these two shades but I can't
be too sure about that but anyway
they're exactly the same same gimmick
same make alive head-bobbing gimmick and
if you push this trigger you launch his
hand
and reveal it done so they're the same
frankly if you missed out in this on
this skids this version I highly
recommend you get this one instead
because no use hunting for him now but
this one is a lot better and I think
he's got a lot more personality with all
the colors the new colors on him
needless to say this is also a good
figure but if you're a sucker for
repaints like I am you know you might
want to go ahead and check this one out
because he's definitely a good read
repaint of the original okay so that's
that
let's get him into his old mode and and
see more more about how nice this
reaping is okay I'm not gonna talk too
much about it since everybody knows how
he transforms I want to know more check
out my review of skids the original
skids so ok what do you want to do first
okay
just go ahead and go ahead and doing
these two
I stay in go ahead and fix the back for
it first okay okay one side done soon
all right and just like that here is two
nurse kids in his Chevrolet Spark row
beat spark I think there'd be one of
those I'll note very nice they haven't
fixed the clearance issue you can sort
of try and figure you can still fidget
with it and still move it a few
millimeters up but that's as best as I I
can do it
still it rolls very well except for that
a little bit of a low clearance issue in
there but it's fine and I get as I said
the the color and this one is a lot more
striking than the first version he's got
some black highlights some black designs
here they're painted over no gold on him
I was thinking that this thing with
being gold just like to nurse the tuner
mudflap but they did a blog and frankly
I'm a bit happy I'm quite happy that
they did it in black because it makes
him look really neat in the third movie
I think he's gonna be all black with
just a green stripe but anyway at the
back you can see that he's got his
license plate says I hate cons I think
you can see it that well but it says I
hate cons and got the Autobot symbol
right there and this smaller bumper
sticker says this small bumper sticker
or hyper sticker says sorry you can't
read it but it says I helped make the
Fallen fault whatever that's pretty
funny on mud flap mud flap just says mud
flap on the license plate so that's it
so an interesting repaint definitely
definitely a big improvement on the
first skids and if you're loved repaints
we're gonna want to get this guy if you
missed on his kids and
you might want to think of this one so
depending on the first version there you
have it transformers hunt for the
Decepticons to nurse kids thanks for
watching